Ready to be pushed beyond what you think you’re capable of?

At Coinbase, our mission is to increase economic freedom in the world. It’s a massive, ambitious opportunity that demands the best of us, every day, as we build the emerging onchain platform — and with it, the future global financial system.

To achieve our mission, we’re seeking a very specific candidate. We want someone who is passionate about our mission and who believes in the power of crypto and blockchain technology to update the financial system. We want someone who is eager to leave their mark on the world, who relishes the pressure and privilege of working with high caliber colleagues, and who actively seeks feedback to keep leveling up. We want someone who will run towards, not away from, solving the company’s hardest problems.

Our work culture is intense and isn’t for everyone. But if you want to build the future alongside others who excel in their disciplines and expect the same from you, there’s no better place to be.

While many roles at Coinbase are remote-first, we are not remote-only. In-person participation is required throughout the year. Team and company-wide offsites are held multiple times annually to foster collaboration, connection, and alignment. Attendance is expected and fully supported.

This is a 12-week internship during summer 2026.

As a Data Science intern and part of the Strategy, Execution, & Analytics team, you’ll spend part of your time collaborating closely with business partners in product and engineering teams — to ensure we’re focused on the biggest opportunities and interpreting our data correctly. You’ll also work with the data engineering team to build analytics models and systems that help scale our insights more broadly, both throughout the company and directly in the product. We expect you to demonstrate clear communication, a strong desire to execute, and best-in-class craftsmanship.

What you’ll be doing (ie. job duties):

Collaborate with product teams to create analyses and build models to drive positive business impact.
Assist in designing and conducting experiments.
Support the team in measuring business performance and help refine core metrics.
Practice data-driven storytelling, distilling complex analyses into clear, actionable insights.
Participate in analytical deep dives alongside senior team members to understand and address complex business problems.
Assist in the development and maintenance of data pipelines, ensuring data integrity and accuracy.
What we look for in you (ie. job requirements):

Some experience or coursework in statistical modeling, data analysis, or other related quantitative field (e.g., hard science, economics, math, etc.).
Basic understanding of statistical concepts and a keen interest in furthering this knowledge (in A|B testing, causal inference, ML, etc.).
Familiarity with data analysis using SQL.
Some experience or coursework in programming/modeling, preferably in Python.
An embodiment of our core cultural values: clear communication, positive energy, continuous learning, and efficient execution.
Nice to haves:

Currently pursuing a BA/BS degree in a quantitative field (ex Math, Stats, Physics, or Computer Science).
Exposure or interest in data engineering.
Eagerness to delve into varying levels of data work to understand and improve foundational data structures.
Position ID:  P73390

Pay Transparency Notice: Depending on your work location, the target hourly rate for this position can range as detailed below.
 
Hourly Rate:
$50—$50 USD
Please be advised that each candidate may submit a maximum of four applications within any 30-day period. We encourage you to carefully evaluate how your skills and interests align with Coinbase's roles before applying.

Commitment to Equal Opportunity
Coinbase is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sex, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other basis protected by applicable law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable federal, state and local law.  For US applicants, you may view the Employee Rights and the Know Your Rights notices by clicking on their corresponding links. Additionally, Coinbase participates in the E-Verify program in certain locations, as required by law. 

Coinbase is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process, please contact us at accommodations[at]coinbase.com to let us know the nature of your request and your contact information.   For quick access to screen reading technology compatible with this site click here to download a free compatible screen reader (free step by step tutorial can be found here).

Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants
Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants. Our full notice outlining how data will be processed as part of the application procedure for applicable locations is available here. By submitting your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as required. For US applicants only, by submitting your application you are agreeing to arbitration of disputes as outlined here.  

AI Disclosure
For select roles, Coinbase is piloting an AI tool based on machine learning technologies to conduct initial screening interviews to qualified applicants. The tool simulates realistic interview scenarios and engages in dynamic conversation. A human recruiter will review your interview responses, provided in the form of a voice recording and/or transcript, to assess them against the qualifications and characteristics outlined in the job description.  

For select roles, Coinbase is also piloting an AI interview intelligence platform to transcribe and summarize interview notes, allowing our interviewers to fully focus on you as the candidate. 

The above pilots are for testing purposes and Coinbase will not use AI to make decisions impacting employment. To request a reasonable accommodation due to disability, please contact accommodations[at]coinbase.com